Fix slice2cs doubled cs:namespace prefix for nested modules (#5478) (#5626)
zeroc-ice/ice: CHANGELOG.md

  declaring it in declaration order. As a result, an operation whose out-parameters were declared in an order
  different from their marshal order could return values in the wrong tuple slots or fail to compile.

- Fixed `slice2cs` emitting a doubled `cs:namespace` prefix for modules nested inside a module carrying

>   `cs:namespace` metadata, which produced C# that did not compile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in `slice2cs` handling of `cs:namespace`: a nested module received the namespace prefix twice
  (e.g. `Foo.A.Foo.B` instead of `Foo.A.B`), producing C# that did not compile.
```
